hey guys ok so I wanted to do a review
for you on dark angel facial cleanser
because I am really happy with it I will
do a larger hey these are all the facial
cleansers I've tried mainly because I've
actually here's the catalogs I've
actually tried almost all of them they
had coal face and mask is how do you say
that wrong magnum minty-fresh pharmacy
I've actually tried almost all their
cleansers even the ultra blam baby say
so I'll do overall cleanser review but I
just wanted to tell you how happy I am
with dark angels and I know all my
reviews have been positive so far i will
start kind of weeding in the things that
didn't work I guess I just get really
excited about the ones that do and I
want you guys to know about it so but I
will also start on telling you guys as
soon as I did it but this is the dark
angels facial cleanser and I got a
sample and I thought it was only for
people with oily skin and my manager was
like no no no he's like it's actually
for combination skin and I was like oh
really ok so as you guys know have
combination skin and so I typically
actually use fair angels start angels on
bare skin which looks like this you can
see that so this is angels on bare skin
and I use this for what I'm having more
of like a dry kind of skin day because
again i have combination but sometimes
you know your skin feels a little bit
more dry until i'll use this but i'm
very excited to say oh and just you know
my everyday go to is fresh pharmacy
because i kind of a little bit of
redness and so I do like to do fresh
pharmacy but on days where I don't feel
like redness fighting i use angels on
bare skin for the days and feeling a
little bit drier and I now will be
incorporating in dark angels because
this is phenomenal for days that I feel
the oily ER and actually is charcoal and
it which absorbs the excess oils on the
skin and it is a little bit you know
does have texture to da know if you can
see this but actually I will be getting
a new camera actually for me my bday
coming up but hopefully the quality will
improve but that's stuck but it does
have texture to it I don't know if you
can see that but it has a texture to it
well I guess you can see it as a song
but so it does exfoliate a little bit
and this actually won it hooked up the
excess oils the two it didn't dry out my
dry parts I mean again I still had to
put you know my facial moisturizer on
those parts of my skin that our dryer
but I was really surprised i picked up
the excess oil did not make the dry part
to dry and that's always a concern for
me it wasn't it didn't make it flaky it
didn't irritate it it actually is almost
if you want a few projects that i have
found gives me almost that same super
super super fresh Queen feeling that I
got from cosmic warrior face masks so
I'm definitely gonna be adding this to
my routine I just want to let you know
how great i think it is again i guess i
can always do a routine video people
want but again I typically use fresh
pharmacy but when you know I'm just kind
of going with more of a basic day I was
doing angels on bare skin for dry days
but now i can do Dark Angels for you
know a little bit of a voyeur days and
again really really fresh feeling
afterwards you know you can feel it it
worked and that it's still kind of you
know works even after you um wash it off
really really that super fresh feeling I
got from cosmic warrior which I'll link
that review below but super great
product you can see this is just a
sample but I will definitely be
incorporating this into my routine so
okay I hope that was helpful and again
super fresh feeling from this not over
drying does take care of any oily spots
and it really
you know it is for this for combination
skin it totally works for mine so love
it support it this is it here that's why
I have that out that's from the catalog
so you can see how it's got some
exfoliating properties to it so very
clean very fresh definitely a mild mild
exfoliant so you know it's not it's not
going to be abrasive love it and i'll be
using it alright talk to you guys later